I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time
you are finished talking, type RET twice.

what's wrong with mount_mfs ?

Why do you say what's wrong with mount mfs?

it breaks 555

Is it because of your plans that you say it breaks 555?

no, and now automake is broken too

Maybe your life has something to do with this.

that's something i try not to worry about

What makes you believe that's something you try not to worry about?

i feel life is very fragile and motion to break is possible

Are you sure that that?

yes it sucks, destroy what does not work, programmer's curse

Perhaps the people you hang around with have something to do with
this.

they're calm

Is it because of problems at school that you say they're calm?

mumbling

Can you elaborate on that?

barely speaking french

Do you really think barely speaking french?

my roommate

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you are going through all
this?

yes life threatening for money supply was taken over from gentoo to bsd

I don't understand.

i had this machine gentoo hardened, and hardening sucks

You have your mind on machines, it seems.

yes i need them to rule money supply for the world

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

=)

I would appreciate it if you would continue.

right fork

Possibly this is related to your inhibitions?

i know i'm slow and non linear to you

Are you afraid of that?

i should not need to be


be what ?  afraid
What makes you think you might want not need to afraid?

let me rephrase

Earlier you said you would like not need to afraid?

i mixed my mind, short term memory loss

Maybe your sex life could be the reason for this.

flatline almost

Is it because of some problems in your childhood that you say flatline
almost?

nope

Go on, don't be afraid.

i'll try

You mentioned that you would like not need to afraid?

yes something is attacking old arches more than time

Perhaps some problems at home are related to this.

well the something was me at some point but i'm not ok with it

Is it because you are not ok with it that you came to me?

yes exactly

Why do you say yes exactly?

i felt anger and fear breaking stuff and came to you

What makes you believe you are frightened by something?

well frightened is more of perhaps and also made by discussion

You seem terrified by something.

i'm terrified by lack of money and expensive prices and lazyness and drugs

When did you first feel scared of lack money and expensive prices and
lazyness and drugs?

2012

I need a little more detail please.

2013

You're being a bit brief, perhaps you could go into detail.

i first felt scared around 2012 or maybe 2013

Are you sure that you are afraid of 2012 or maybe 2013?

i hate cameras

Why do you hate cameras?

i don't know why but i don't want them on devices anymore

Do you really think you would like not need to afraid?

i don't know why selfies should be so important, it sucks

Does it bother you that selfies should be so important it sucks?

i can shut up, but i cannot make a dark room for every camera around

When did you first know that you cannot make a dark room for every
camera around?

i don't know when i started thinking that way but i don't like having
so many sensors for no real gain

Is the fact that you do not like having so many sensors for no real
gain the real reason?

maybe, i don't really know it might just be parano√Øa

Is it because of your plans that you are going through all this?

i've seen sexual assault one meter beyond the cameras in paris metro...

What makes you think that?

she was shocked could not talk even

Earlier you said you are not ok with it?

yes it's no use having cameras, people think some great organization
will take care of it and noone does anything

How do you reconcile the people you hang around with?

i would try to visit them and be friendly spend some time

I don't understand.

i mean cameras in the street and underground trains

You mentioned that you were afraid of something?

she was not hurt but scared almost beyond breathing

You seem terrified by something.

t60 failed to go to sleep almost burned

Possibly this is caused by problems at school?

phone was charging over usb

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you say phone was charging
over usb?

its brand new, previous had broken screen and going to repair shop

Why do you say you were afraid of something?

read/write really helps

Maybe your life is because of this.

=)

Can you are more explicit?

humans, we think we're the ones mastering the trees...

Perhaps hangups you have could have caused this.

the white lambic its very good

Earlier you said you were afraid of lack money and expensive prices
and lazyness and drugs?

i'm angry because they would not let me in the club and my info from
facebook was probably wrong

Does the fact that they would not let you in the club and your info
from facebook was probably wrong explain anything else?

it looked like a staged fuckup

How does it feel to want?

do you need a paper printer ?

What do you think?

i'll ask the questions if you don't mind !

Is it because of your inhibitions that you are going through all this?

i'm slower than you, sorry

What makes you believe you are slower than me sorry?

well let me write like an electronician, because the P1-WQ3 was too
close to a self in the motherboard layout

Have you been sure the p1 wq3 was too close to a self in the
motherboard layout?

not at all, i'm not an electronician

You mentioned that you were afraid of 2012 or maybe 2013?

well mainboard is much better, right ?

How do you reconcile some problems in your childhood?

i need to be able to say what i want for my own life

Why should you get to be able to say what you want your own life?

maybe not need, but how do i read your needs

Have you been frightened by that?

yes but it's not a self but a capacitor then

Is it because it's not a self but a capacitor then that you came to
me?

maybe i'm trying to reconcile problems in my past

Are you sure that you hate cameras?

i don't hate them but i enjoy not having one in front of me

Are you annoyed that you enjoy not having one in front of you?

it's more like a console log with system alerts

When did it's first desire to have this console log system alerts?

right now, but my head hurts and i crave tobacco

When did you first know that your head hurts and you crave tobacco?

an hour ago

Possibly this has something to do with some problems at home?

head hurts since last cigarette

What happened when last cigarette?

strange talk with crazy friend, very strong

Is it because of your plans that you say strange talk with crazy
friend very strong?

scary strong, like a club guard

Are you obsessed with to have this club guard?

i tried to help him digest

Earlier you said you would like not need to afraid?

what do you mean by "have" this ?

Maybe your sex life is related to this.


Have you been scared of sex?

i'm scared of being lessp over 2323

When did you first feel afraid of being lessp 2323?

with the likes of you

You mentioned that selfies should be so important it sucks?

haha

Please, go into more detail?

=)

You aren't being very talkative today!

i need to fight communist ennemies

Why should I give to fight communist ennemies to you?

real ones, not childhood nor plans

Perhaps the people you hang around with could be the reason for this.

why did MW punch my hand with CC ?

I'll ask the questions, if you don't mind!

please do

Is that all there is to it?

it's like a plague covering corporations

Have you ever gotten to have this plague covering corporations?

yeah it feels great and then you feel like a dumped whore

Would you please watch your tongue!

sorry

Why must you respond so briefly?

by all accounts it's an horror movie

What makes you think by all accounts it's a horror movie?

i don't think about all that crap gettho world of corporate drugs when i smoke

Is the fact that crap gettho world of corporate drugs when you smoke
the real reason?

i'll cut the good parts

Why do you say you cannot make a dark room for every camera around?

i should go to sleep now

Is it because of problems at school that you are going through all
this?

maybe i'd enjoy school again, how is ece ?

Tell me about your school.

too much and/nor

Is it because of any hobbies you have that you say too much and nor?

theremin, distortion, electric guitar, short read

Earlier you said you do not like having so many sensors for no real
gain?

rex club, soy sauce at sushi above centre hanneman, cut them off

How do you reconcile hangups you have?

disk

Can you elaborate on that?

disk ?

Why don't you continue.

sleepy

Go on, don't be afraid.

thanks

I need a little more detail please.

